`yum install xorg-x11-xauth xorg-x11-fonts-* xorg-x11-font-utils xorg-x11-fonts-Type1 xclock -y`
	执行xclock测试是否成功
```
安装firefox
	yum install -y  firefox dbus-x11
	yum groupinstall 'Fonts'
```

---
To get X11 forwarding working over ssh, you'll need 3 things in place.
1. Your client must be set up to forward X11.
2. Your server must be set up to allow X11 forwarding.
3. Your server must be able to set up X11 authentication.
If you have both #1 and #2 in place but are missing #3, then you'll end up with an empty DISPLAY environment variable.
Soup-to-nuts, here's how to get X11 forwarding working.
1. On your server, make sure /etc/ssh/sshd_config contains:
X11Forwarding yes X11DisplayOffset 10 
You may need to SIGHUP sshd so it picks up these changes.
cat /var/run/sshd.pid | xargs kill -1 
2. On your server, make sure you have xauth installed.
belden@skretting:~$ which xauth /usr/bin/xauth 
If you don't have xauth installed, you'll run into the "empty DISPLAY environment variable" problem.
3. On your client, connect to your server. Be certain to tell ssh to allow X11 forwarding. I prefer
belden@skretting:~$ ssh -X blyman@the-server 
but you may like
    belden@skretting:~$ ssh -o ForwardX11=yes blyman@the-server 
or you can set this up in your ~/.ssh/config.

---
X11 forwarding needs to be enabled on both the client side and the server side.

**On the client side,** the -X (capital X) option to ssh enables X11 forwarding, and you can make this the default (for all connections or for a specific conection) with ForwardX11 yes in ~/.ssh/config.

**On the server side**, X11Forwarding yes must specified in /etc/ssh/sshd_config. Note that the default is no forwarding (some distributions turn it on in their default /etc/ssh/sshd_config), and that the user cannot override this setting.

The xauth program must be installed on the server side. If there are any X11 programs there, it's very likely that xauth will be there. In the unlikely case xauth was installed in a nonstandard location, it can be called through [~/.ssh/rc](http://man.openbsd.org/OpenBSD-current/man8/sshd.8) (on the server!).

Note that you do not need to set any environment variables on the server. DISPLAY and XAUTHORITY will automatically be set to their proper values. If you run ssh and DISPLAY is not set, it means ssh is not forwarding the X11 connection.

**To confirm that ssh is forwarding X11**, check for a line containing Requesting X11 forwarding in the ssh -v -X output. Note that the server won't reply either way.
